Hey, Concord.
It's good to see you all.
I'm glad you're here and glad for those who join us online and all our campuses.
We're excited about what God is doing at Concord and in North Georgia and literally around the world.
So glad you're part of it.
I want to ask you to take your Bible and open it to the Gospel of John chapter four today.
The Gospel of John chapter four.
We're going to look at a subject called Never Get Thirsty Again.
Never Get Thirsty Again.
Can you think about the time in your life when you have been the
Thirstiest?
The most thirsty?
Some of you can.
Some of you have military service and you can remember those times.
Some of you, maybe like me, can remember playing football back in the day, in my day, they didn't give us water.
Back in the day, a lot of times it was pre-air conditioning in houses that wasn't really widespread and so people actually were built differently, but that's a story for another day.
But I very much remember at football practice being told, you're not gonna get water until one time halfway through practice and then not until the end.
And my dad tells stories of not getting water at all during practice and they wanna prove what kind of a tough guy you were.
Let me just pause and say, I do think it's good that we give kids water breaks nowadays.
We don't want anybody to get sick or even worse than that with heat stroke or things like that.
But those times, I mean I remember just, I mean you're trying to,
concentrate on football, but you're so thirsty.
All you can think about is wanting something to drink.
Another one that I think of is playing volleyball on the beach and being on a retreat.
And man, we're just having so much fun and we're maybe winning our games or whatever.
And we don't want to pause to go and get some water.
I mean, there's lots of reasons, right?
If you're winning, the girls are liking that.
And so you're liking that.
The other, you know, I mean, you're having fun playing.
And so,
You know, there's those times and other people, I mean, you've been out in the desert and I've been on hikes and different things.
Well, that's physically thirsty, but the bottom line is people everywhere are looking for something to fill the cravings and to satisfy the cravings of their life.
Cravings for love and for fulfillment.
Cravings for purpose and meaning in life.
Jesus is the only one who can truly satisfy.
The world will throw all sorts of things at you.
There are temptations all around us, right?
Money.
If you have enough money, then you'll be satisfied.
But that money pit just keeps growing and growing and growing.
Money doesn't satisfy.
Success, career, accomplishments.
Man, if I just get to this level, I'll be satisfied, but you get there and you're never satisfied.
Being a good person or just doing good things, be satisfied.
No.
Fame.
You know, people think, if I just be popular enough for no enough people and people like me have enough, you know, followers on social media, man, I will, it'll be satisfied, but you get there and you're like, oh, I got to get to the next level.
And then there's like your relationships and people think, ah, I just got to go after this relationship and that relationship and that relationship realizing and not realizing maybe that those things don't satisfy.
And then there's self-destructive behaviors like gambling or drugs or alcohol, tobacco, these things that are habit-forming and addictive.
And things that can, you know, on the front end you think, oh, if I just do this, it'll be fun, but boy, you begin to realize it has a grip on you and it never really satisfies.
Well, we're gonna see a lady today.
Perhaps for some of you it's a very familiar story.
For some, maybe this is the first time you've encountered a story in all your life.
One day, Jesus met a woman at a well
And he told her about living water.
Would you stand with me please for the reading of God's word?
I'm gonna read John chapter four and I'm gonna read right now, verses 13 and 14.
Picking up in the middle of the story, and Jesus said to her and to us, everyone who drinks from this water will get thirsty again.
But whoever drinks from the water that I give him will never get thirsty again.
In fact, the water I will give him
will become a well of water springing up in him for eternal life.
Let's pray together.
Lord Jesus, just reading those two verses, there's something special about this water you give.
And Lord we want it.
Father, we don't want to get thirsty again.
And so if I pray through this text and I pray through this message that God you would speak to each of us and each one of us Lord would respond in a faith and obedience to what you're calling us to do.
Father, help us to be hearers of the word, but not just be hearers.
Help us to do what it says.
We love you and Jesus, and we pray.
Amen.
Please be seated.
Never get thirsty again.
Let me share seven things with you this morning about living water.
We'll get right to number one.
Living water is available to everyone everywhere.
In this text, we're about to see that there's a group of people
that many of the Jewish people in Israel at that time would have said these people can never know God's love.
They can never truly understand.
They can never receive this living water.
There are a group of people known as the Samaritans.
Look at verse one, chapter four.
It says when Jesus had learned that the Pharisees had heard he was making and baptizing more disciples than John, the Baptist, though Jesus himself was not baptizing but his disciples were, he left Judea
and went again to Galilee.
He had to travel through Samaria.
Let me just pause right there and say.
So Judea is in the southern part of Israel.
Galilee is in the north.
Samaria is between Judea and Galilee.
So you might say, well of course Jesus had to go through Samaria.
However, the people in Jesus' day had built roads around Samaria.
So you could get from Judea
to the Galilee region without going through Samaria.
But the Bible clearly says on this day, Jesus had to go through there.
It wasn't because they were doing road construction.
I'm telling you that.
It wasn't that Waze redirected him.
No, Jesus had to go through because he had a divine appointment.
He had something that God wanted him to do on that day.
Verse number five continues.
So he came to a town of Samaria called Sikar near the
property that Jacob had given his son Joseph.
Jacob's well was there and Jesus, worn out from his journey, sat down at the well.
It was about noon.
A woman of Samaria came to draw water.
Give me a drink, Jesus said to her, because his disciples had gone into town to buy food.
How is it that you, a Jew, ask for a drink from me, a Samaritan woman, she asked him, for Jews do not associate with Samaritans.
There's some clues right there
about what I'm talking about, about how we must see that this living water is available to everyone everywhere.
For the Jewish people of that day, the Samaritans were essentially half-breeds in their mind.
They were half-Jew, half-Assyrian.
Because when the Assyrian Empire had come in and had conquered the northern part of the kingdom of Israel, they had intermarried with the Jewish
and they had created this ethnic group that became known as the Samaritans.
The Jewish people were very prejudiced against them.
And of all the things they would have said, they would have said that these people can never really know God's love.
They could never understand truly fully the Messiah and all of God's promises.
They could never inherit God's promises.
Now the interesting thing about Jesus, right?
If you read the Gospels, Matthew, Mark, Luke and John,
You'll see Jesus uses Samaritans as heroes all the time because he wants to prove that man's way of thinking is not always God's way of thinking about things like that.
In other words, to say it clearly, the Jewish people were prejudiced against the Samaritans.
I like to use like sports analogies.
There are some teams that are your team's rivals, right?
Arch rivals.
Like teams you would never pull for.
I mean, this could be on the high school level,
be on the college level, pro level, whatever.
And you could never see yourself rooting for that team.
As a matter of fact, you always root against them.
Let me ask you a question.
What if God called you to be a missionary to those people?
I mean, I was talking to a guy just this week and he was trying to teach this to his son.
His son's like nine or 10 years old.
And he said to his son, hey, yeah, we need to invite so and so to church.
You know, and they're like, dad, I can't invite them to church.
They go to that school.
You know, the arch rival kind of a school.
Everybody has their Nineveh, right?
Jonah had his Nineveh, the people he was not willing to go to until God just really made him.
Jesus on this day, he had to go to Samaria because he had a divine appointment with this lady.
Now they were out there at noon, and we're going to talk more about this later.
It's a time of the day that would have been very out in the open.
This was not a secret meeting with Jesus and this woman.
There's nothing scandalous about this at all.
Other than the fact that Jesus crossed a couple of very important cultural barriers to get the gospel to this lady, to get the living water to this lady.
The first one we've already been talking about is this cultural barrier of heritage and ethnicity.
Many of you guys know I live in Gwinnett County and I travel up to Concord in Gwinnett County.
The recent census tells us
that 23% of the people that live in our county were not born in the United States of America.
So think about that.
So over in Atlanta, one out of four people, it wasn't they weren't born in Gwinnett County, they weren't born in Georgia, they were not born in America.
And I say welcome, we're so glad that God has brought you here, that we can learn from you and know you and that we can share the gospel with one another.
And praise God.
But let me ask you, maybe there's some people
And you're like, man, I mean maybe family members, maybe somebody from a nearby town.
And you're like, that town, somebody else has got to get the gospel to them.
Somebody else has got to get living water to them.
I'm not going through there.
You can examine your heart.
Do you see that the gospel is for everyone everywhere?
I mean missionaries literally are sent around the world right to every continent.
Why?
Because we want to get the gospel to everyone everywhere.
That's why we do it.
The big barrier that Jesus crossed, of course, was a gender barrier.
In that day, it was not common at all for a man to talk to a woman in public.
It just wasn't done.
I mean, a husband might be talking to his wife and a father talking to his daughter.
But beyond that, it just really wasn't done.
But Jesus showed that God loves all people.
All people.
Jesus loves men, Jesus loves ladies.
He loves all people and wants them to know God's love.
So living water is available to everyone everywhere.
We must believe that.
Number two, living water comes only through Jesus.
Verse 10, Jesus answered, if you knew the gift of God and who was saying to you, give me a drink, you would ask Him and He would give you living water.
Jesus and Jesus alone gives living water.
You can't find eternal life in any other religion.
You can't find eternal life in any other person.
You can only find eternal life in Jesus.
Only through Jesus.
There is no other name by which we may be saved.
Jesus says about himself, I am the way, the truth and the life.
No one comes to the Father except through me.
So this very, very foundational, important truth that Jesus reiterates here is that this gift of God, eternal life, living waters we're talking about today,
comes through Jesus.
This is why it is so vitally important that we get the gospel to people so they can know about Jesus.
It's why Bible translators spend so much time translating the Bible into the languages of the people of the world that they can read and understand and know about Jesus.
This is why your neighbors and your friends and people you know that don't know Jesus is so desperately important that we get the gospel them.
Living water comes only
through Jesus.
We must have that resolved in our hearts and our mind.
It's a biblical truth in reality because if it's not that deep in our mind, then we will begin to think, they'll be fine.
No, they won't be fine.
If they don't know Jesus, they won't be fine.
Someday it'll work out.
No, it won't work out if they don't know Jesus.
We must get the gospel.
We must have this burning desire that spiritually lost people get saved, and they can only be saved by Jesus.
Jesus, the gift of God.
Living water comes only through him.
Number three, living water fully satisfies.
Look at verse 11.
Sir, said the woman, you don't even have a bucket and the well is deep.
So where do you get this living water?
You aren't greater than our Father Jacob, are you?
Pause.
Little does she know, Jesus is greater than Jacob.
He gave us this well, she says, verse number 12, and drank from it himself, as did his sons in livestock.
Jesus said, everyone who drinks from this water will get thirsty again.
But whoever drinks from the water that I will give him will never get thirsty again.
In fact, the water I will give him will become a well of water springing up in him for eternal life.
Sir, the woman said to him,
Give me this water so that I won't get thirsty and come here to draw water.
Jesus, the living water He gives, He gives fully satisfies.
The things of the world, the things I mentioned at the very beginning of this message, they don't satisfy.
Relationships, going from one relationship to the next, it doesn't satisfy.
Man, if success and financial gain and popularity and money satisfied, nobody
in the highest forms of politics or business or nobody in the highest levels of sports or entertainment would ever have any problems right because they got more money they got more friends but no it's because those things never satisfy you know in our area I don't know if it's a problem here but in our area not only is alcoholism and
and just nicotine abuse in general with things like cigarettes and those kind of deals, but man, vaping and jeweling, those kind of things are a big problem in Gwinnett County.
And man, those things are things in our society and kids are getting addicted to these and getting addicted to nicotine in some of those kind of ways and boy, the rise of marijuana.
And guys, we had to say Jesus is the only way who fully satisfies.
We're gonna see from this lady's testimony that
Man, she was searching after relationships.
We're gonna get to that in a moment.
But man, there are so many people that are seeking so many different things that never fully satisfied.
We have to be convinced in our own heart and help those that we know and love to see that Jesus is the only one who fully satisfied.
Living water fully satisfies.
Nothing else will.
Those who gamble, man, they're always thinking about the next thing.
Whether it be lottery tickets or slot machines or any other form of gambling.
You see that all these other things just draw you in and they pretend like you're going to be satisfied, but they always keep taking more and more and more and more.
Jesus, living water, fully satisfies.
Number four is this.
Living water forgives all your sin.
16, verse 16.
Go call your husband, he told her, and come back here.
I don't have a husband, she answered.
You have correctly said, I don't have a husband.
Jesus said, for you have had five husbands, and the man you now have is not your husband.
What you have said is true.
Sir, the woman replied, I see that you're a prophet.
First she thought he was just a Jew, Jewish man.
Then she said, are you greater than Jacob?
Now she says he's a prophet.
This woman had to come face to face with her sin.
She had to admit it to God.
This was God in the flesh.
She had to come clean with what she was trying to put as a fulfillment of her life.
And she was trying to put relationships.
She had gone from one relationship to the next.
I mean, maybe she had been hurt.
Maybe she was the one who was the instigator.
We don't know all the things.
And that society, pretty much, I mean, it could have been either way, even in our day to day.
But this woman had gone from relationship to relationship to relationship.
It was sinful and it was empty.
And some of you today,
You may say, I have done so many things, things that nobody knows about, only God and you.
And you ask the question, could Jesus forgive me?
Let me just say it this way, if Jesus can forgive the woman at the well, Jesus can forgive you.
He can forgive you.
If we will confess our sins, he will cleanse us, forgive us our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Living water.
that has come through Jesus.
It cleanses us and it forgives all your sin.
So for some of us, man, we've tried to make it better.
We try to work harder, try to come to church more, we try to do good things, try to think positive thoughts, just hoping somehow maybe that our good will outweigh our bad.
It's only one sin that will keep you out of heaven.
I'm talking, if there's only one sin in your life, because heaven is perfect,
So what you need because we all have sin in our life is to surrender our lives to Jesus and say, Jesus, forgive me.
Forgive me of my sin.
Give me living water because living water forgives all your sin.
And so the question is, have you received that forgiveness?
If you have, be grateful to God and celebrate the freedom and forgiveness that you have in Christ.
But if you haven't yet, then today you could be forgiven of your sin.
Number five is this, living water is not about religious activity.
Look what the Bible says, starting in verse 20.
She says, our fathers worshiped on this mountain, but you Jews say that the place to worship is in Jerusalem.
I want to point out, she just said, squirrel!
She just, I mean, turned this thing quick.
Jesus asked her about her husband.
She tries to redirect the question about which mountain are we worshiping on.
Jerusalem or this mountain.
Jesus told her, believe me woman, an hour is coming when you worship the Father neither on this mountain nor in Jerusalem.
You Samaritans worship what you do not know.
We worship what we do know because salvation is from the Jews.
But an hour is coming and is now here when the true worshipers will worship the Father in spirit and in truth.
Meaning their mind, their hearts are fixed on God
He's from their heart and is fixed on truth of God's word.
Yes, the Father wants such people to worship him.
God is spirit and those who worship him must worship in spirit and in truth.
The woman said to him, I know that the Messiah is coming.
He was called the Christ.
When he comes, he will explain everything to us.
Jesus told her, I, the one speaking to you, am he.
Jesus let her know.
The Messiah is standing right before her.
He wasn't just a Jewish man.
He wasn't just greater than Jacob.
He wasn't just a prophet.
He was the Messiah.
And this woman had to realize that living water is not about religious activity.
She wanted to redirect the question and basically say, I go to, using our terminology, I go to church a lot on that mountain over there.
You Jews go to church on the mountain in Jerusalem.
It's not about religious activity.
That's not how you receive living water.
It's not about going to vacation Bible school or teaching a vacation Bible school or singing in the choir, leading a community group or serving even in the community.
Man, I know some people who are amazing at volunteer hours in the community.
Court ordered.
I mean, they are really, really good at it.
They don't receive living water just because they do volunteer hours.
And even if you say, well, my heart's in the right place.
I'm serving out of the pureness of my heart.
I don't know about that, maybe not, but just volunteering and serving is not going to earn living water.
You don't do it through religious activity.
Living water comes through Jesus, the only one who's fully satisfied.
He forgives us our sins.
It's available to everyone everywhere.
It's not about religious activity.
Number six is this, living water overflows to others.
Living water overflows to others.
The Bible says verse 27, just then his disciples arrived.
They were amazed that he was talking with a woman.
This is funny to me.
It's not like a middle school boy, right?
Y'all know middle school boys?
And you're like, it is amazing that he's talking to a girl because he is so awkward about everything.
I'm just amazed that he's talking to a girl.
No, it's not like that.
It's again, the cultural of that day, they were amazed that Jesus had crossed that cultural barrier
In other words, that he had taken the step to get God's love to her, salvation, living water.
Yet no one said, what do you want her?
Why are you talking to her?
Then the woman left her water jar, went into town and told the people, let's pause and think for a minute.
There was one reason she came to the well.
It was to get water.
And as a matter of fact, she had come at noon because she didn't want to see anybody, probably.
It says that she had come at noon.
The morning or the afternoon evening would have been a better normal time to go into the water because it's cooler in the day.
She would have come at noon because of her scandalous past and she didn't want anybody to see her.
But now she leaves without her water.
So she's going back and they're like, dude, where's your water?
But here's what she says.
She said, come, see a man who told me everything I ever did.
Could this be the Messiah?
They left the town and made their way to him.
In the meantime, the disciples kept urging him, Rabbi, eat something.
I think it's like an Italian mom or a Jewish mom or a Southern mom.
Come on, you gotta eat something.
You gotta eat something.
But he said, I have found food to eat that you don't know about.
The disciples said to one another, could someone have brought him something to eat?
Is there a McDonald's nearby?
I mean, I don't know what the disciples, they were thinking.
I actually have, maybe many of you have too.
I mean, sometimes you just get so busy with work.
that you forget to eat but other times I mean I have been on mission trips and it's like man we missed a meal and we caught up on the meal later but man while we were I mean working and serving the Lord we didn't even actually miss that meal it wasn't like we were famished because Jesus says my food is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work Jesus told him don't you say there's still four more months and then comes the harvest listen to
What I'm telling you, open your eyes and look at the fields because they are ready for harvest.
The reaper is already receiving pay and gathering fruit for eternal life so that the sower and the reaper may rejoice together.
For in this case, the saying is true, one sows and another reaps.
I sent you to reap what you didn't labor for.
Others are labored and you have benefited from their labor.
Living water overflows to others.
This woman went and told her people of her village all about what Jesus said to her
And I asked them the question, could this be the Messiah?
They had to come check it out for themselves.
She couldn't contain the living water that was in now inside her.
It spilled over.
It's like she was a cup full to the brim and spilled over to others.
And I can say to you that if you receive Jesus' Lord and Savior, my prayer for you is that you will spill over to others.
It's one of the reasons I love to hang out with new believers.
Man, new believers are so on fire for God that they want other people to come to Christ.
My prayer for us is that we haven't been saved so long that we have stopped spilling over to other people.
In other words, man, we need to pray and say, God, I mean, you filled me up.
Let me spill over to others that they want to know Christ.
Now, it doesn't mean they're going to save that day.
I mean, Jesus tells them in this paragraph, he says, listen, there's been others that have sown seeds of the gospel before you got here.
You're just getting to see some fruit in this lady and the people's lives in her village.
And so there may be some people in your life who are like, man, I just continue to live for Christ and share Christ and invite them to church and pray for them.
And they haven't come.
Let me ask you a question this way.
If there was a missionary who went to a country and man, he and his family lived there and they just love people and share the gospel, but they didn't see any fruit.
Like nobody came to Christ.
But then the next missionary came in and his family or her family, they come and they serve.
And all of a sudden you see like dozens and then hundreds and thousands of people come to Christ.
Which missionaries were most responsible for that?
Truly God's the one who brings salvation.
God used one set of missionaries to sow the gospel.
The others to reap the harvest.
And so we just want to be spilling over to others and don't get discouraged if everybody you spill over to doesn't get saved.
because you never know who God, how he might use you and somebody else and somebody else that all of a sudden it connects the dot spiritual people in their mind, their heart and they give their life to Christ.
Living water overflows to others.
Number seven, living water is available to everyone who believes.
Verse 39 says, now many Samaritans from that town believed in him because of what the woman said when she testified, he told me everything I ever did.
In other words, they believe her testimony.
That's why we always talk about that we share our testimony, our story with others because that may lead some to Christ.
Verse 40, so when the Samaritans came to him, they asked him to stay with him.
And he stayed there two more days, two days.
Many more believed because of what he said.
And they told the woman, we no longer believe because of what you said,
since we have heard for ourselves and know that this really is the savior of the world.
Living water is available to everyone who believes.
So point number one was that living water is available to everyone everywhere, but the reality is not everybody receives it.
And so as we, I'll ask the guys even to put all the seven of the points back on the screens here,
We began to see that living water is available to everyone everywhere.
It comes only through Jesus.
It fully satisfies it, forgives our sin.
It's not about religious activity, but when we receive it, it overflows to others, and then it's available to everyone who believes.
I told you about how when I was in Myanmar, and we were sharing the gospel from hut to hut.
One of the things that we were taking with us were five gallon pails,
that had a clay pot that sit and sat inside the opening over the opening of the five gallon bucket.
It was lined with zinc and the purpose of it was a water filtration system.
When we were going hut to hut, one thing that happened at the one time was that I got to the hut and they invited me in and then the translator and my buddy who was from America, they went to another hut
And I was left alone with this family for an hour, they didn't speak English, I didn't speak Burmese.
So we're there trying to communicate with one another, like I'm getting out my cell phone, I'm showing pictures of my family, they go find a box and show me pictures of their family.
We used every object, you know, here's a spoon, here's a pillow and try to, you know, those kind of things.
At one point they did, they brought me lots
pillows and stuff and let me relax up there.
And it was crazy.
I mean, I almost fell asleep.
And I'm thinking, they must have thought, I don't know if they thought this guy's really tired or this guy's lazy.
I'm not sure what they thought.
I know they thought this big white American is here.
And it's like a novelty because there were people all hanging out the windows, coming just to see little teenagers and stuff just looking in the windows.
You know, just deceiving.
But after my translator explained to them how to use the water filtration system, you remember I told you,
you're here a few weeks ago, village after village, I mean house after house in a village, they said no, no, no.
We don't want to hear the, or we don't want to receive the message that the guy from America is saying.
Because the message I came, the translator at one point would turn and he would say, my friend from America would like to tell you why he came here.
And I would tell them I traveled all this way because I know and I serve the Most High God.
See, they're Buddhist there, and they don't have a concept of a personal God.
And I said, the Most High God, he has a son, and his name is Jesus, and he lived on the earth.
And I would describe how Jesus was born of a virgin, lived a perfect life, how Jesus died on the cross to pay the penalty for our sins, and how Jesus rose from the dead, is alive forevermore, and offer salvation to everyone who will believe.
And I remember on that day, when they said yes,
to the living water of Jesus.
And those on that day who said yes to him, he saved them, their lives are changed because they believed in him and they are saved for all of eternity.
And so my question to all of us is this.
First of all, do you know Jesus in that way?
Some of you, if you get real honest, say I have never received the gift that Jesus offered.
I've never received this living water.
The good news for you today is you can receive him by faith in just a moment.
I'm going to ask you to pray to him and receive Christ as your Lord and Savior.
Others of you, you do know him and you've been praying like last week we talked about, man, be praying that God would lay people in your heart that you could pray for for their salvation.
And so maybe today you would say, I know somebody who needs a living water.
Maybe you're not to cross a cultural boundary.
I mean, Jesus was full of holiness and purity, right?
I mean, everywhere he went, again, as we said, make sure that he was having his conversation with this lady in a very public place.
There was no any questions about impropriety or anything like that.
But Jesus wasn't afraid to cross barriers to get the gospel.
I got a friend, and he serves in Montana.
And some of the greatest harvests of people that he's seen come to Christ are in the jail cells.
And he crosses that barrier every single week.
I got an email from this week and talking about the new believers, the Bible study, and the soon coming baptism of these men in prison.
What barriers will you cross to get people to gospel?
Let's pray together.
Heads are bowed and eyes are closed.
My question to you first of all is, do you know Jesus as your Lord and Savior?
If you do, and praise God for that,
Will you be a witness for him to get the living water to people who so desperately need Jesus?
Who will you invite this week to church?
Who will you go to this week to share the gospel?
Who will you pray for?
Who will you serve?
Just like Jesus went to the woman at the well, whom is God leading you to this week?
And what will you do to get the living water to them?
Now with his bowed and eyes closed, if you're listening to this message and you say, dear God, I don't even, I need to receive the living water.
Right now by faith, I need to trust in Jesus.
Would you pray something like this to God?
Say, dear Jesus, I mean, just pray it out loud or pray in your heart.
Say, dear Jesus, I know that you give living water, eternal life.
You give salvation and I'm asking for it right now.
Jesus, I believe that you died for me and rose again.
And by faith, I ask you to forgive me of my sin, cleanse me, save me now and forever.
Thank you for saving me, Jesus.
I commit my life to you.
Help me to never be ashamed of you.
Hey, with heads bowed and eyes closed, if you're here today and you say, I just did that, could I ask you to do something?
Would you say, if I did that today, would you raise your hand so I could pray for you?
I just see your hands all around.
Raise your hand and just say, yeah, today I give my life to Christ.
Anyone?
Whether I saw your hand or not, man, I want to pray for you in just a moment.
And when we stand, if you today say, I'm giving my life to Christ or I need to do that, when we stand, would you come and talk to me or one of our other pastors and leaders up at the front and say, today I'm giving my life to Christ?
There may be others.
You've recently been saved, but you need to be baptized soon.
Would you come?
Let us know that so we can
Schedule and arrange for your baptism very soon.
Maybe others would say, I want to be a member of this church.
When we stand in just a moment and we sing, would you come and again, tell me one of our other pastors say, I want to join Concord.
I want to be a member here.
And we will get that process started.
Let me pray.
You respond as God's willing, you respond.
Thank you Jesus for your love for us.
Thank you for living water.
Help us.
Each now to respond during this invitation and response time as you would have us to respond.
We love you and Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.
Please stand and you come as God leads you to come.